Add capacity planning section and related docs (#125)
wso2/docs-bi: en/docs/deploy/capacity-planning/performance-report-for-rest-services.md

| JSON to XML transformation HTTP service | An HTTP Service, which transforms JSON requests to XML and then forwards all requests to an HTTP back-end service. |
| JSON to XML transformation HTTPS service | An HTTPS Service, which transforms JSON requests to XML and then forwards all requests to an HTTPS back-end service. |
| Passthrough HTTP/2(over TLS) service (h2 -> h2) | An HTTPS Service exposed over HTTP/2 protocol, which forwards all requests to an HTTP/2(over TLS) back-end service. |
| Passthrough HTTP/2(over TLS) service (h2 -> h1) | An HTTPS Service exposed over HTTP/2 protocol, which forwards all requests to an HTTPS back-end service. |
| Passthrough HTTP/2(over TLS) service (h2 -> h1c) | An HTTPS Service exposed over HTTP/2 protocol, which forwards all requests to an HTTP back-end service. |
| HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | An HTTP/2(with TLS) server accepts requests from an HTTP/1.1(with TLS) client and the HTTP/2(with TLS) client sends requests to an HTTP/1.1(with TLS) back-end service. Both the upstream and the downgrade connection is downgraded to HTTP/1.1(with TLS). |

> Our test client is [Apache JMeter](https://jmeter.apache.org/index.html). We test each scenario for a fixed duration of

Reviewer: The page doesn't have any sub headings, so due to that no RHS navigation and hard to find the details. So consdier adding sections like, 
Overview
Performance metrics
Test parameters
Test results etc

time. We split the test results into warmup and measurement parts and use the measurement part to compute the
performance metrics.

> A majority of test scenarios use a [Netty](https://netty.io/) based back-end service which echoes back any request

Reviewer: We better share the test scenarios in a GH repo link along with run instructions so that it is available for anyone to use

|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 100 | 1000 | 0 | 0 | 7675.18 | 12.97 | 6.07 | 30 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 100 | 10000 | 0 | 0 | 4327.11 | 23.03 | 6.94 | 49 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 200 | 500 | 0 | 0 | 7626.89 | 26.16 | 8.86 | 52 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 200 | 1000 | 0 | 0 | 8012.4 | 24.89 | 9.59 | 54 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 200 | 10000 | 0 | 0.04 | 4206.28 | 47.46 | 13.18 | 100 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 500 | 500 | 0 | 0 | 7562.06 | 66.03 | 18.66 | 113 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 500 | 1000 | 0 | 0 | 7174.09 | 69.61 | 17.7 | 114 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 500 | 10000 | 0 | 0 | 4113.17 | 121.44 | 33.72 | 253 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 1000 | 500 | 0 | 0 | 7462.01 | 133.86 | 36.73 | 218 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 1000 | 1000 | 0 | 0 | 7202.02 | 138.7 | 35.71 | 221 |

> |  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 1000 | 10000 | 0 | 0.01 | 4017.91 | 248.82 | 61.31 | 447 |

Reviewer: @warunalakshitha / @keizer619 Please review the numbers.

# Performance report for Rest services (HTTP and HTTPS)

## Overview

| Test Scenarios | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Passthrough HTTP service (h1c -> h1c) | An HTTP Service, which forwards all requests to an HTTP back-end service. |
| Passthrough HTTPS service (h1 -> h1) | An HTTPS Service, which forwards all requests to an HTTPS back-end service. |
| JSON to XML transformation HTTP service | An HTTP Service, which transforms JSON requests to XML and then forwards all requests to an HTTP back-end service. |
| JSON to XML transformation HTTPS service | An HTTPS Service, which transforms JSON requests to XML and then forwards all requests to an HTTPS back-end service. |
| Passthrough HTTP/2(over TLS) service (h2 -> h2) | An HTTPS Service exposed over HTTP/2 protocol, which forwards all requests to an HTTP/2(over TLS) back-end service. |
| Passthrough HTTP/2(over TLS) service (h2 -> h1) | An HTTPS Service exposed over HTTP/2 protocol, which forwards all requests to an HTTPS back-end service. |
| Passthrough HTTP/2(over TLS) service (h2 -> h1c) | An HTTPS Service exposed over HTTP/2 protocol, which forwards all requests to an HTTP back-end service. |

> | HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | An HTTP/2(with TLS) server accepts requests from an HTTP/1.1(with TLS) client and the HTTP/2(with TLS) client sends requests to an HTTP/1.1(with TLS) back-end service. Both the upstream and the downgrade connection is downgraded to HTTP/1.1(with TLS). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | An HTTP/2(with TLS) server accepts requests from an HTTP/1.1(with TLS) client and the HTTP/2(with TLS) client sends requests to an HTTP/1.1(with TLS) back-end service. Both the upstream and the downgrade connections are downgraded to HTTP/1.1(with TLS). |
```

Author: Yes, it should be "upstream and the downstream connections". Fixed in a2b58e9058c20d693fd038bc50806f373da4be28

Our test client is [Apache JMeter](https://jmeter.apache.org/index.html). We test each scenario for a fixed duration of

> time. We split the test results into warmup and measurement parts and use the measurement part to compute the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time. We split the test results into warm-up and measurement parts and use the measurement part to compute the
```

performance metrics.

A majority of test scenarios use a [Netty](https://netty.io/) based back-end service which echoes back any request
posted to it after a specified period of time.

> > The code and instructions for running these tests are provided [here](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-performance).

Author: Fixed in a2b58e9058c20d693fd038bc50806f373da4be28

> ## Performance Metrics

Author: Fixed in ac8ae89dedf91954f260dec03f1ea80fdad41e54

> We run the performance tests under different numbers of concurrent users, message sizes (payloads) and back-end service

Author: Fixed in a2b58e9058c20d693fd038bc50806f373da4be28

|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 100 | 10000 | 0 | 0 | 4327.11 | 23.03 | 6.94 | 49 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 200 | 500 | 0 | 0 | 7626.89 | 26.16 | 8.86 | 52 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 200 | 1000 | 0 | 0 | 8012.4 | 24.89 | 9.59 | 54 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 200 | 10000 | 0 | 0.04 | 4206.28 | 47.46 | 13.18 | 100 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 500 | 500 | 0 | 0 | 7562.06 | 66.03 | 18.66 | 113 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 500 | 1000 | 0 | 0 | 7174.09 | 69.61 | 17.7 | 114 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 500 | 10000 | 0 | 0 | 4113.17 | 121.44 | 33.72 | 253 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 1000 | 500 | 0 | 0 | 7462.01 | 133.86 | 36.73 | 218 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 1000 | 1000 | 0 | 0 | 7202.02 | 138.7 | 35.71 | 221 |
|  HTTP/2 client and server downgrade service (h2 -> h2) | 1000 | 10000 | 0 | 0.01 | 4017.91 | 248.82 | 61.31 | 447 |

> **Note:**

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/wso2/docs-bi/pull/125/files#r2288333857
